Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I unfortunately wasn't able to consult with classmates on this assignment between our snow day and medical absences. I did attend TA hours on the nineteenth, which was really helpful. Java so far feels much trickier than Python. I would call it a finicky language. It's a lot more picky and requires really specific inputs and code conventions to work. For instance, I had a much harder time with user input in this assignment than in Python. The nextLine() code was reading the enter character from my integer input and causing a random line of space. However, I do really like that Java is also a lot easier for me to debug. When I run the program, it usually gives me all the errors at once, while in Python, I have to fix one to see the next one. I also felt like the error messages were more specific. I'd guess that this pattern probably holds true in a lot of other languages—giving the computer more information to work with can be tedious (this same project would be shorter in python), but the more information I give the computer, the more information it can give me back when it's debugging time. 

I tried a lot of things that didn't work on this assignment. The main one I had a lot of trouble with (and am still not very happy with the result) is the word replacements for mirrored statements. When all my conditionals were sequential, I'd end up with double replacements giving me the same result back: first it changes all instances of I to you, and then every changed you goes back to I in another line. I tried splitting the string into an array of words to check each word in order and change it only once, but that didn't work out either. I ended up with nested conditionals that check for I or you so it only changes one. I know this won't function as intended for statements that contain both ("you and I"), but it was the best I could manage for this assignment. I'd advise any students taking this course in the future to get help early. I'm used to the idea of not going to office hours or asking for help until I'm stuck on something specific, but I think it would have been beneficial if I went to office hours to talk through this assignment before I'd really even started.

additional sources used: W3schools.com Java tutorial